okay internet what is up it is Sarah
today I am doing kind of a Iceland
behind-the-scenes videos the first half
of the video is going to talk about the
camera gear I use how I kind of edited
things I put a lot of content from
Iceland I had three vlogs one short film
and then three blog posts so lots of
pictures and videos that I brought back
from Iceland and then the second half
the video will kind of be about my
experience in Iceland so more along the
lines of you know kind of what to expect
maybe if you are thinking about going on
a trip to Iceland in the future and
throughout the video I will be answering
questions that you guys asked me from
last week's video
so let's hop into it I brought lots of
camera equipment so I brought my Sony
rx100 Mark three for a lot of my
vlogging stuff and then I brought my
Canon 5d Mark 3 for mainly pictures I
think only pictures I didn't take any
video on that and my main video camera
that I shot all of my short film I some
you know travel short film with is the
Blackmagic pocket Cinema Camera the
lenses that I used were the Canon 16 to
35 millimeter f/4 with is that one
stayed on my Blackmagic pocket Cinema
Camera just because it had image
stabilization it was very wide which was
nice and I had a ND filter for it which
really came in handy cuz when I was
shooting video outside it was super
bright and the ND filter helped me out a
ton if you don't know an ND filter is
there's just something that you put over
your camera lens to make the image
darker and because sometimes you know
stalking your lens down to like f-14
still is enough
still too bright so you need you know an
indie filter so that helped me out a lot
and then on the Canon 5d I was using my
35 millimeter f/2 with is the canon one
and also I brought along my Canon 7200
f/4 l with I guess every time I got
shooting I fall in love even more with a
7,200 length if you're into event
photography rare event videography the
70 to 200 is like such an awesome lens
especially for capturing things that are
kind of far away to get more of like an
intimate shot of something without you
know maybe people realizing that you're
shooting them cuz once people realize
they're being shot they you know start
acting funny so a guy by Nina slomique
conan don't know if I pronounced your
name right but he asked me um you know
how do you color grade your videos and
the majority of the time I color grade
my videos within Adobe Premiere I don't
use any separate applications but this
time around I wanted to test out the
visco presets and my trim to color grade
my vlogs and I basically brought I
edited all the video in Adobe Premiere
and then I brought in the individual
frames which was finished into Lightroom
and then I ran the visco presets through
them and you know that added the final
look to the video and I actually don't
have the files anymore because I deleted
all them because they took up so much
space but I just wanted to try out the
visco presets with you know my video I
got a really cool look I really dug the
look that it gave it but it's not
efficient at all I mean it took a long
time
and it took up a lot of space this is
how I color in all the vlogs but I
mainly stick to premiere when it comes
to color grading so the short film I
just used a lot of the in-house plugins
in Premiere this camera there is a bit
of a learning curve I'm still trying to
get the exposure right on my images but
the raw Yoshi and raw really makes for a
great image and also the ability to
shoot with the pro res Kodak and using
the pro res Kodak it is such a win there
is so much detail in the image is so
sharp straight out of the camera I just
love it love it love it love it be
Blackmagic pocket Cinema Camera streets
with a very very flat profile so when it
comes to color grading you really have
to add in a lot of more sun saturation
and stuff like that but it gives you
more freedom to really make the image
what you want to you know what you want
it to look like so this is basically
what it looks like when it's just flat
and then this is what it looks like with
all the added effects and yeah not what
is the finished product this is my main
adjustment later that adds in the most
color and stuff there is a lot of a lot
of things here and I'll kind of just
break it down for you and this is how I
color in the majority of my videos again
this is what I do you kind of have to
find your own flow and groove because
every camera is different probably the
camera you're shooting with doesn't
shoot with an image that is as flat as
this if you don't know what a adjustment
layer is you edit of command this is
like so so important so basically you go
to file new and adjustment layer and
what that does it adds an adjustment
layers into your project folder and you
basically just drag and drop on to your
timeline basically what this does is it
allows you to put it over any amount of
video that you want and you just add
effects you just add effects to
suggesting later and that basically
applies to everything all the video that
you have underneath and that way the
effect is applied to multiple Clips and
so you don't have to you know drag and
drop or copy and paste the same effect
to the individual clips let's look at
this adjustment layer for this image so
don't click on the adjustment layer go
to the effects controls and these are
all the effects I am using this Illuma
tree color plugin it's awesome and
premiere and just added it and then last
update and basically basically gives you
a lot of control over everything
involved in color this basic correction
or you can adjust temperature exposure
contrast and all of that
job is very nice but the ones I focused
on were the curves I just added like a
simple s-curve bringing this down below
kind of adds more contrast to more
contrast and color to your image and
then I added you know saturation to the
image and then this three way color
corrector panel I just use this to add a
little bit more saturation and then the
RGB curve I just added it add a bit more
contrast so those are mainly the three
things that I used to color correct just
the luma tree color through my color
corrector and then RGB curves you know
depending on what you're shooting with
you're probably not going to have to add
as much saturation as I do you know if
you're using a DSLR you really won't
have to add saturation because it's
already super saturated and contrast II
and but if you're using like the neutral
profile or cinestyle that is actually
another question that someone had if I
use the cinestyle profile on my Canon
DSLR when shooting and if you don't know
what that is it's just a color profile
that you can download on your camera and
it basically gives you a flatter image
when you're shooting video it's
definitely not as flat as the black
magic film preset but it does get your
image similar to that where it's more
flat when I was using my Canon 70d I
used the cinestyle profile a lot if you
are familiar with my greece video i use
it on that video ever since I got my
Canon side II I have been liking the
neutral profile that comes with the
cameras instead of auto I just put it on
neutral and it gives me lets you know
less saturation less contrast I can go
back and post and color in it so moving
on to my Iceland pictures I use the this
go cam
presets and these are very very awesome
I will kind of show you how that work
this is what it looked like before and
then this is what it looks like with the
mystical presets you can download these
presets from the interwebs from their
website basically just allows you to you
know add cool kind of film like presets
to your pictures usually when you just
click on the preset it is not perfect
but it's a good starting point I usually
add a lot of contrast because I really
don't like the super faded look but I'll
just find a preset I like mess around
with the controls over here to my liking
and that is about it yeah I hope you
enjoyed this video hit that like and
subscribe button and check out all of my
iceland stuff down in a description
below i will link up all the videos
linked up all the blog posts and
pictures next week i will be putting out
the trailer for creative spaces TV i am
so excited for that so be on the lookout
for that creative spaces TV it's just a
little mini docu-series thing i'm
starting on my channel in the month of
august it's a fun series of videos that
is kind of like a behind the scenes look
of a creative whether it's a filmmaker
or a photographer or a audio engineer
it'll be lots of fun I hope you enjoy it
so keep a lookout for that follow me on
Instagram hit up all my social links
down below I hope you have a great day
I'll see you next video bye guys so did
you take any formal photography classes
do you think I could benefit from taking
classes or just by learning as I go